Rover menu reorganization and slight content improvement (#5282)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: rover/source/docs/introduction.rst

.. _introduction:

==========================
Getting Started with Rover
==========================

To start with Rover, you will first need a rover with a :ref:`ArduPilot compatible autopilot <common-autopilots>`. 

> Options are available to either select from a list of ready-to-drive vehicles or to assemble your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can either select from a list of :ref:`ready-to-drive vehicles<common--rtf>` or  assemble your own (See below).
```
